notes on how to make an interactive game... using JFrame, Jpanel, JButton,  


1).
create method and public static void main(String Args []);
	
	call method object new Method name();

	below calling your method you need to declar all the variable and intialize all 		your objects
	public game(){
	 
	




how to use JFrame:

1).create object intialize
2). set size();
3). set close operation
4). getComponentpane is in the JFrame class  it is for adding objects to a component pane. it returns a container to add objects to it.
5). set Layout funtion you want a custom layout funtion so you will put null 
variablename.setLayout(null);

see basic_window file 



how to make a title screen 

things we need title name and start button 

1). create a Jpanel variable under conatianer variable Jpanel used to make buttons
2). intialize it below the JFrame 
3). setbounds method(4 parameters);
4) setbackgroundcolor (of the button) 
5). then below that you add it to the container so Con.add(Jpanel in this case (tittle name container);
6). to make text use JLabel add this as variable under titlePanel variable also need to import 
7). intialize like the others but when you add the text you add it in the paran you intialized it in
8). set Forgroundcolor color of the text 
9).add the tital namePanel too the container variable
10). to Edit font size you need to make a new variaale and you need to initialize below the other variables that you created then import import java.awt.Font 

11).then dosetFont() and add the variable you created 

how to create a start button 

1). create the variable 
2). intialize form JPanel 
3). setbounds(4 parameters)
4) setbackgroundcolor
5). add panel to container as we did the title and the text
6). create buttom varible have to import j button 
7) intialize start button panel = new JPanel);
8). setbackgroundcolor 
9). set forground color (color of text)
10). add the panel to the container like you did the other panel
11). then create a button import JButton 
12).  intialize like you did the panel above variablename = new JButton();
13). setbackground
14). setforground 
15). add it to the start button panel start buttonpanel.add(startbutton)
16) create another font variable to change the font


how to create the game screen
1). make a new method 
2). create another panel for the text instace of it maintextpanel = new Jpanel();
3). setbounds 
4). set background color 
5). add it to the compponinent variable 
6). create a new variable for text area.












    



